#summary The development roadmap for shumvc

=Shumvc - Roadmap=
This documents intents to provide information about what functionality the upcoming (and released) versions of shumvc have to offer. Released versions contain the revision number.
==0.1 (rev #29)==
This version is a basic setup for shumvc. It provides a limited but useful amount of functionality, these include:

    * FrontController pattern
    * Object Relational mapping (Doctrine)
    * Template engine (php-serpent)
    * single point of configuration

==0.2 (rev #37)==
This version adds several key functions to shumvc.

    * multiple aplications

==0.3==
When writing the development philosophy I decided that shumvc has to be compatible with PHP 5.0.0. This means that some parts of the application have to be changed.
At this moment it seems like the following should be done:

    * Switching to another ORM, Doctrine requires PHP 5.2.3. _Though the system should be compatible with Doctrine non-the-less._


At this point I don't know what else should be replaced therefor prior to releasing shumvc 0.3 I will test it on a very minimal PHP 5.0 web-server.
==0.4==

    * Documentation (wiki) of system requirements
    * Dynamic URL's

==0.5==

    * Form factory for easy setting up forms

==0.6==

    * Scripts for easy CRUD generation
    * Scripts for initial application setup

==Beyond==
Ideas for this mvc continue to evolve while developing. Therefor, at this point, I don't know what version 0.7 will have to offer.
If you have any ideas about functionality which you would like to see please describe them in a _New Issue_ under the _Issues_ tab.

